README.md, before:

Faker
=====
This gem is a port of Perl's Data::Faker library that generates fake data.

It comes in very handy for taking screenshots (taking screenshots for my
project, [Catch the Best](http://catchthebest.com/) was the original impetus
for the creation of this gem), having real-looking test data, and having your
database populated with more than one or two records while you're doing
development.

Installing
----------
```bash
gem install faker
```

##Usage
-----
```ruby
Faker::Name.name      #=> "Christophe Bartell"

Faker::Internet.email #=> "kirsten.greenholt@corkeryfisher.info"
```

###Faker::Address
-----------------

```ruby
Faker::Address.city #=> "Imogeneborough"

Faker::Address.street_name #=> "Larkin Fork"

Faker::Address.street_address #=> "282 Kevin Brook"

Faker::Address.secondary_address #=> "Apt. 672"

Faker::Address.building_number #=> "7304"

Faker::Address.zip_code #=> "58517"

Faker::Address.zip #=> "58517"

Faker::Address.postcode #=> "58517"

Faker::Address.time_zone #=> "Asia/Yakutsk"

Faker::Address.street_suffix #=> "Street"

Faker::Address.city_suffix #=> "fort"

Faker::Address.city_prefix #=> "Lake"

Faker::Address.state_abbr #=> "AP"

Faker::Address.state #=> "California"

Faker::Address.country #=> "French Guiana"

Faker::Address.latitude #=> "-58.17256227443719"

Faker::Address.longitude #=> "-156.65548382095133"


```

###Faker::Bitcoin
-----------------

```ruby

Faker::Bitcoin.address #=> "1HUoGjmgChmnxxYhz87YytV4gVjfPaExmh"

```

###Faker::Business
------------------

```ruby

Faker::Business.credit_card_number #=> "1228-1221-1221-1431"

Faker::Business.credit_card_expiry_date #=> <Date: 2015-11-11 ((2457338j,0s,0n),+0s,2299161j)>

Faker::Business.credit_card_type #=> "visa"

```

###Faker::Code
--------------

```ruby

Faker::Code.isbn #=> "759021701-8"

Faker::Code.ean #=> "4600051000057"

```

###Faker::Commerce
------------------

```ruby

Faker::Commerce.color #=> "lavender"

Faker::Commerce.department #=> "Grocery, Health & Beauty"

Faker::Commerce.product_name #=> "Practical Granite Shirt"

```

###Faker::Company
-----------------

```ruby

Faker::Company.name #=> "Hirthe-Ritchie"

Faker::Company.suffix #=> "Group"

# Generate a buzzword-laden catch phrase.
Faker::Company.catch_phrase #=> "Business-focused coherent parallelism"

# When a straight answer won't do, BS to the rescue!
Faker::Company.bs #=> "empower one-to-one web-readiness"

Faker::Company.duns_number #=> "08-341-3736"

# Get a random company logo url in GIF format.
Faker::Company.logo #=> "http://www.biz-logo.com/examples/007.gif"

```


###Faker::Internet
---------------

```ruby
# Optional argument name=nil
Faker::Internet.email #=> "eliza@mann.net"

Faker::Internet.email('Nancy') #=> "nancy@terry.biz"

# Optional argument name=nil
Faker::Internet.free_email #=> "freddy@gmail.com"

Faker::Internet.free_email('Nancy') #=> "nancy@yahoo.com"

# Optional argument name=nil
Faker::Internet.safe_email #=> "christelle@example.org"

Faker::Internet.safe_email('Nancy') #=> "nancy@example.net"

# Optional arguments specifier=nil, separators=%w(. _)
Faker::Internet.user_name #=> "alexie"

Faker::Internet.user_name('Nancy') #=> "nancy"

Faker::Internet.user_name('Nancy Johnson', %w(. _ -)) #=> "johnson-nancy"

# Optional argument min_length=0
Faker::Internet.password #=> "doloremquealiquidrerum"

Faker::Internet.password(8) #=> "consecteturadasperiores"

Faker::Internet.domain_name #=> "effertz.info"

Faker::Internet.fix_umlauts('äöüß') #=> "aeoeuess"

Faker::Internet.domain_word #=> "haleyziemann"

Faker::Internet.domain_suffix #=> "info"

Faker::Internet.ip_v4_address #=> "24.29.18.175"

Faker::Internet.ip_v6_address #=> "ac5f:d696:3807:1d72:2eb5:4e81:7d2b:e1df"

# Optional argument prefix=''
Faker::Internet.mac_address #=> "e6:0d:00:11:ed:4f"
Faker::Internet.mac_address('55:44:33') #=> "55:44:33:02:1d:9b"

# Optional arguments: host=domain_name, path="/#{user_name}"
Faker::Internet.url #=> "http://thiel.com/chauncey_simonis"
Faker::Internet.url('example.com') #=> "http://example.com/clotilde.swift"
Faker::Internet.url('example.com', '/foobar.html') #=> "http://example.com/foobar.html"

# Optional arguments: words=nil, glue=nil
Faker::Internet.slug #=> "pariatur_laudantium"
Faker::Internet.slug('foo bar') #=> "foo.bar"
Faker::Internet.slug('foo bar', '-') #=> "foo-bar"


```

###Faker::Lorem
---------------

```ruby

Faker::Lorem.word #=> "repellendus"

# Optional arguments: num=3, supplemental=false
Faker::Lorem.words #=> ["dolores", "adipisci", "nesciunt"]
Faker::Lorem.words(4) #=> ["culpa", "recusandae", "aut", "omnis"]
Faker::Lorem.words(4, true) #=> ["colloco", "qui", "vergo", "deporto"]

# Optional arguments: char_count=255
Faker::Lorem.characters #=> "uw1ep04lhs0c4d931n1jmrspprf5wrj85fefue0y7y6m56b6omquh7br7dhqijwlawejpl765nb1716idmp3xnfo85v349pzy2o9rir23y2qhflwr71c1585fnynguiphkjm8p0vktwitcsm16lny7jzp9t4drwav3qmhz4yjq4k04x14gl6p148hulyqioo72tf8nwrxxcclfypz2lc58lsibgfe5w5p0xv95peafjjmm2frkhdc6duoky0aha"
Faker::Lorem.characters(10) #=> "ang9cbhoa8"

# Optional arguments: word_count=4, supplemental=false, random_words_to_add=6
Faker::Lorem.sentence #=> "Dolore illum animi et neque accusantium."
Faker::Lorem.sentence(3) #=> "Commodi qui minus deserunt sed vero quia."
Faker::Lorem.sentence(3, true) #=> "Inflammatio denego necessitatibus caelestis autus illum."
Faker::Lorem.sentence(3, false, 4) #=> "Aut voluptatem illum fugit ut sit."
Faker::Lorem.sentence(3, true, 4) #=> "Accusantium tantillus dolorem timor."

# Optional arguments: sentence_count=3, supplemental=false
Faker::Lorem.sentences #=> ["Vero earum commodi soluta.", "Quaerat fuga cumque et vero eveniet omnis ut.", "Cumque sit dolor ut est consequuntur."]
Faker::Lorem.sentences(1) #=> ["Ut perspiciatis explicabo possimus doloribus enim quia."]
Faker::Lorem.sentences(1, true) #=> ["Quis capillus curo ager veritatis voro et ipsum."]

# Optional arguments: sentence_count=3, supplemental=false, random_sentences_to_add=3
Faker::Lorem.paragraph #=> "Neque dicta enim quasi. Qui corrupti est quisquam. Facere animi quod aut. Qui nulla consequuntur consectetur sapiente."
Faker::Lorem.paragraph(2) #=> "Illo qui voluptas. Id sit quaerat enim aut cupiditate voluptates dolorum. Porro necessitatibus numquam dolor quia earum."
Faker::Lorem.paragraph(2, true) #=> ""
Faker::Lorem.paragraph(2, false, 4) #=> ""
Faker::Lorem.paragraph(2, true, 4) #=> ""

# Optional arguments: paragraph_count=3, supplemental=false
Faker::Lorem.paragraphs #=> ""
Faker::Lorem.paragraphs(1) #=> ""
Faker::Lorem.paragraphs(1, true) #=> ""

```

###Faker::Name
--------------

```ruby

Faker::Name.name #=> "Tyshawn Johns Sr."

Faker::Name.first_name #=> "Kaci"

Faker::Name.last_name #=> "Ernser"

Faker::Name.prefix #=> "Mr."

Faker::Name.suffix #=> "IV"

Faker::Name.title #=> "Legacy Creative Director"

```

###Faker::Number
----------------

```ruby

# Required parameter: digits
Faker::Number.number(10) #=> "1968353479"

Faker::Number.digit #=> "1"

```

###Faker::PhoneNumber
---------------------

Phone numbers may be in any of the following formats:

  * 333-333-3333
  * (333) 333-3333
  * 1-333-333-3333
  * 333.333.3333
  * 333-333-3333
  * 333-333-3333 x3333
  * (333) 333-3333 x3333
  * 1-333-333-3333 x3333
  * 333.333.3333 x3333

(Don't let the example output below fool you - any format can be returned at random.)

```ruby

Faker::PhoneNumber.phone_number #=> "397.693.1309"

Faker::PhoneNumber.cell_phone #=> "(186)285-7925"

# NOTE NOTE NOTE NOTE
# For the 'US only' methods below, first you must do the following:
Faker::Config.locale = 'en-us'

# US only
Faker::PhoneNumber.area_code #=> "201"

# US only
Faker::PhoneNumber.exchange_code #=> "208"

# Optional parameter: length=4
Faker::PhoneNumber.subscriber_number #=> "3873"

Faker::PhoneNumber.subscriber_number(2) #=> "39"

Faker::PhoneNumber.extension #=> "3764"

```


Customization
------------
Since you may want to make addresses and other types of data look different
depending on where in the world you are (US postal codes vs. UK postal codes,
for example), Faker uses the I18n gem to store strings (like state names) and
formats (US postal codes are NNNNN while UK postal codes are AAN NAA),
allowing you to get different formats by switching locales.  Just set
Faker::Config.locale to the locale you want, and Faker will take care of the
rest.

Contributing
------------
If you'd like to contribute code or formats/data for another locale, fork
the project at [github](https://github.com/stympy/faker), make your changes,
then send a pull request.

**note**
Run `bundle install` and `rake test` to confirm tests are passing.

Contact
-------
Comments and feedback are welcome. Send an email to Benjamin Curtis via the [google group](http://groups.google.com/group/ruby-faker).

License
-------
This code is free to use under the terms of the MIT license.

Commit message:

Adding hacker related phrases for times when you need to sound smart on tests
Closes #205

README.md, after:

Faker
=====
This gem is a port of Perl's Data::Faker library that generates fake data.

It comes in very handy for taking screenshots (taking screenshots for my
project, [Catch the Best](http://catchthebest.com/) was the original impetus
for the creation of this gem), having real-looking test data, and having your
database populated with more than one or two records while you're doing
development.

Installing
----------
```bash
gem install faker
```

##Usage
-----
```ruby
Faker::Name.name      #=> "Christophe Bartell"

Faker::Internet.email #=> "kirsten.greenholt@corkeryfisher.info"
```

###Faker::Address
-----------------

```ruby
Faker::Address.city #=> "Imogeneborough"

Faker::Address.street_name #=> "Larkin Fork"

Faker::Address.street_address #=> "282 Kevin Brook"

Faker::Address.secondary_address #=> "Apt. 672"

Faker::Address.building_number #=> "7304"

Faker::Address.zip_code #=> "58517"

Faker::Address.zip #=> "58517"

Faker::Address.postcode #=> "58517"

Faker::Address.time_zone #=> "Asia/Yakutsk"

Faker::Address.street_suffix #=> "Street"

Faker::Address.city_suffix #=> "fort"

Faker::Address.city_prefix #=> "Lake"

Faker::Address.state_abbr #=> "AP"

Faker::Address.state #=> "California"

Faker::Address.country #=> "French Guiana"

Faker::Address.latitude #=> "-58.17256227443719"

Faker::Address.longitude #=> "-156.65548382095133"


```

###Faker::Bitcoin
-----------------

```ruby

Faker::Bitcoin.address #=> "1HUoGjmgChmnxxYhz87YytV4gVjfPaExmh"

```

###Faker::Business
------------------

```ruby

Faker::Business.credit_card_number #=> "1228-1221-1221-1431"

Faker::Business.credit_card_expiry_date #=> <Date: 2015-11-11 ((2457338j,0s,0n),+0s,2299161j)>

Faker::Business.credit_card_type #=> "visa"

```

###Faker::Code
--------------

```ruby

Faker::Code.isbn #=> "759021701-8"

Faker::Code.ean #=> "4600051000057"

```

###Faker::Commerce
------------------

```ruby

Faker::Commerce.color #=> "lavender"

Faker::Commerce.department #=> "Grocery, Health & Beauty"

Faker::Commerce.product_name #=> "Practical Granite Shirt"

```

###Faker::Company
-----------------

```ruby

Faker::Company.name #=> "Hirthe-Ritchie"

Faker::Company.suffix #=> "Group"

# Generate a buzzword-laden catch phrase.
Faker::Company.catch_phrase #=> "Business-focused coherent parallelism"

# When a straight answer won't do, BS to the rescue!
Faker::Company.bs #=> "empower one-to-one web-readiness"

Faker::Company.duns_number #=> "08-341-3736"

# Get a random company logo url in GIF format.
Faker::Company.logo #=> "http://www.biz-logo.com/examples/007.gif"

```


###Faker::Internet
---------------

```ruby
# Optional argument name=nil
Faker::Internet.email #=> "eliza@mann.net"

Faker::Internet.email('Nancy') #=> "nancy@terry.biz"

# Optional argument name=nil
Faker::Internet.free_email #=> "freddy@gmail.com"

Faker::Internet.free_email('Nancy') #=> "nancy@yahoo.com"

# Optional argument name=nil
Faker::Internet.safe_email #=> "christelle@example.org"

Faker::Internet.safe_email('Nancy') #=> "nancy@example.net"

# Optional arguments specifier=nil, separators=%w(. _)
Faker::Internet.user_name #=> "alexie"

Faker::Internet.user_name('Nancy') #=> "nancy"

Faker::Internet.user_name('Nancy Johnson', %w(. _ -)) #=> "johnson-nancy"

# Optional argument min_length=0
Faker::Internet.password #=> "doloremquealiquidrerum"

Faker::Internet.password(8) #=> "consecteturadasperiores"

Faker::Internet.domain_name #=> "effertz.info"

Faker::Internet.fix_umlauts('äöüß') #=> "aeoeuess"

Faker::Internet.domain_word #=> "haleyziemann"

Faker::Internet.domain_suffix #=> "info"

Faker::Internet.ip_v4_address #=> "24.29.18.175"

Faker::Internet.ip_v6_address #=> "ac5f:d696:3807:1d72:2eb5:4e81:7d2b:e1df"

# Optional argument prefix=''
Faker::Internet.mac_address #=> "e6:0d:00:11:ed:4f"
Faker::Internet.mac_address('55:44:33') #=> "55:44:33:02:1d:9b"

# Optional arguments: host=domain_name, path="/#{user_name}"
Faker::Internet.url #=> "http://thiel.com/chauncey_simonis"
Faker::Internet.url('example.com') #=> "http://example.com/clotilde.swift"
Faker::Internet.url('example.com', '/foobar.html') #=> "http://example.com/foobar.html"

# Optional arguments: words=nil, glue=nil
Faker::Internet.slug #=> "pariatur_laudantium"
Faker::Internet.slug('foo bar') #=> "foo.bar"
Faker::Internet.slug('foo bar', '-') #=> "foo-bar"


```

###Faker::Lorem
---------------

```ruby

Faker::Lorem.word #=> "repellendus"

# Optional arguments: num=3, supplemental=false
Faker::Lorem.words #=> ["dolores", "adipisci", "nesciunt"]
Faker::Lorem.words(4) #=> ["culpa", "recusandae", "aut", "omnis"]
Faker::Lorem.words(4, true) #=> ["colloco", "qui", "vergo", "deporto"]

# Optional arguments: char_count=255
Faker::Lorem.characters #=> "uw1ep04lhs0c4d931n1jmrspprf5wrj85fefue0y7y6m56b6omquh7br7dhqijwlawejpl765nb1716idmp3xnfo85v349pzy2o9rir23y2qhflwr71c1585fnynguiphkjm8p0vktwitcsm16lny7jzp9t4drwav3qmhz4yjq4k04x14gl6p148hulyqioo72tf8nwrxxcclfypz2lc58lsibgfe5w5p0xv95peafjjmm2frkhdc6duoky0aha"
Faker::Lorem.characters(10) #=> "ang9cbhoa8"

# Optional arguments: word_count=4, supplemental=false, random_words_to_add=6
Faker::Lorem.sentence #=> "Dolore illum animi et neque accusantium."
Faker::Lorem.sentence(3) #=> "Commodi qui minus deserunt sed vero quia."
Faker::Lorem.sentence(3, true) #=> "Inflammatio denego necessitatibus caelestis autus illum."
Faker::Lorem.sentence(3, false, 4) #=> "Aut voluptatem illum fugit ut sit."
Faker::Lorem.sentence(3, true, 4) #=> "Accusantium tantillus dolorem timor."

# Optional arguments: sentence_count=3, supplemental=false
Faker::Lorem.sentences #=> ["Vero earum commodi soluta.", "Quaerat fuga cumque et vero eveniet omnis ut.", "Cumque sit dolor ut est consequuntur."]
Faker::Lorem.sentences(1) #=> ["Ut perspiciatis explicabo possimus doloribus enim quia."]
Faker::Lorem.sentences(1, true) #=> ["Quis capillus curo ager veritatis voro et ipsum."]

# Optional arguments: sentence_count=3, supplemental=false, random_sentences_to_add=3
Faker::Lorem.paragraph #=> "Neque dicta enim quasi. Qui corrupti est quisquam. Facere animi quod aut. Qui nulla consequuntur consectetur sapiente."
Faker::Lorem.paragraph(2) #=> "Illo qui voluptas. Id sit quaerat enim aut cupiditate voluptates dolorum. Porro necessitatibus numquam dolor quia earum."
Faker::Lorem.paragraph(2, true) #=> ""
Faker::Lorem.paragraph(2, false, 4) #=> ""
Faker::Lorem.paragraph(2, true, 4) #=> ""

# Optional arguments: paragraph_count=3, supplemental=false
Faker::Lorem.paragraphs #=> ""
Faker::Lorem.paragraphs(1) #=> ""
Faker::Lorem.paragraphs(1, true) #=> ""

```

###Faker::Name
--------------

```ruby

Faker::Name.name #=> "Tyshawn Johns Sr."

Faker::Name.first_name #=> "Kaci"

Faker::Name.last_name #=> "Ernser"

Faker::Name.prefix #=> "Mr."

Faker::Name.suffix #=> "IV"

Faker::Name.title #=> "Legacy Creative Director"

```

###Faker::Number
----------------

```ruby

# Required parameter: digits
Faker::Number.number(10) #=> "1968353479"

Faker::Number.digit #=> "1"

```

###Faker::PhoneNumber
---------------------

Phone numbers may be in any of the following formats:

  * 333-333-3333
  * (333) 333-3333
  * 1-333-333-3333
  * 333.333.3333
  * 333-333-3333
  * 333-333-3333 x3333
  * (333) 333-3333 x3333
  * 1-333-333-3333 x3333
  * 333.333.3333 x3333

(Don't let the example output below fool you - any format can be returned at random.)

```ruby

Faker::PhoneNumber.phone_number #=> "397.693.1309"

Faker::PhoneNumber.cell_phone #=> "(186)285-7925"

# NOTE NOTE NOTE NOTE
# For the 'US only' methods below, first you must do the following:
Faker::Config.locale = 'en-us'

# US only
Faker::PhoneNumber.area_code #=> "201"

# US only
Faker::PhoneNumber.exchange_code #=> "208"

# Optional parameter: length=4
Faker::PhoneNumber.subscriber_number #=> "3873"

Faker::PhoneNumber.subscriber_number(2) #=> "39"

Faker::PhoneNumber.extension #=> "3764"

```

###Faker::Hacker
---------------------
Are you having trouble writing tech-savvy dialogue for your latest screenplay?
Worry not! Hollywood-grade technical talk is ready to fill out any form where you need to look smart.

```ruby
# Full Phrase
Faker::Hacker.say_something_smart #=> "Try to compress the SQL interface, maybe it will program the back-end hard drive!"

# Short technical abbreviations
Faker::Hacker.abbreviation  #=> "RAM"

# Hacker centric adjectives
Faker::Hacker.adjective   #=> "open-source"

# Only the best hacker related nouns
Faker::Hacker.noun   #=> "bandwidth"

# Actions that hackers take
Faker::Hacker.verb  #=> "bypass"

# Verbs that end in -ing
Faker::Hacker.ingverb #=> "synthesizing"
```




Customization
------------
Since you may want to make addresses and other types of data look different
depending on where in the world you are (US postal codes vs. UK postal codes,
for example), Faker uses the I18n gem to store strings (like state names) and
formats (US postal codes are NNNNN while UK postal codes are AAN NAA),
allowing you to get different formats by switching locales.  Just set
Faker::Config.locale to the locale you want, and Faker will take care of the
rest.

Contributing
------------
If you'd like to contribute code or formats/data for another locale, fork
the project at [github](https://github.com/stympy/faker), make your changes,
then send a pull request.

**note**
Run `bundle install` and `rake test` to confirm tests are passing.

Contact
-------
Comments and feedback are welcome. Send an email to Benjamin Curtis via the [google group](http://groups.google.com/group/ruby-faker).

License
-------
This code is free to use under the terms of the MIT license.
