doc/number.md, before:

# Faker::Number

```ruby
# Required parameter: digits
# Produces a number of the specified digits where the leading digit is never 0
Faker::Number.number(10) #=> "1968353479"

# Required parameter: digits
# As above, but permits leading zeros
Faker::Number.leading_zero_number(10) #=> "0669336915"

# Required parameter: digits
# Produces a 2-digit number, preserves leading 0's
Faker::Number.decimal_part(2) #=> "09"

# Required parameter: l_digits
# Produces a number with 2 digits leading and trailing the decimal
Faker::Number.decimal(2) #=> "11.88"

# Specify different values for leading and trailing digits
Faker::Number.decimal(2, 3) #=> "18.843"

# Required parameters: mean, standard_deviation
Faker::Number.normal(50, 3.5) #=> 47.14669604069156

# Required parameter: digits
Faker::Number.hexadecimal(3) #=> "e74"

# Required parameters: minimum value, maximum value
# Boundary numbers are inclusive
Faker::Number.between(1, 10) #=> 7

# Required parameters: a range value
# Min and Max boundaries of range are inclusive
Faker::Number.within(1..10) #=> 7

Faker::Number.positive #=> 235.59238499107653

Faker::Number.negative #=> -4480.042585669558

Faker::Number.non_zero_digit #=> "8"

Faker::Number.digit #=> "1"
```

Commit message:

Quick number method bugfix (#1384)
* Quick number method bugfix

* Update CHANGELOG.md

* Update README.md

* Update CHANGELOG.md

doc/number.md, after:

# Faker::Number

```ruby
# Required parameter: digits
# Produces a number of the specified digits where the leading digit is never 0
Faker::Number.number(10) #=> "1968353479"

# Required parameter: digits
# Produces a number of the specified digits with a leading zero
Faker::Number.leading_zero_number(10) #=> "0669336915"

# Required parameter: digits
# Produces a 2-digit number, preserves leading 0's
Faker::Number.decimal_part(2) #=> "09"

# Required parameter: l_digits
# Produces a number with 2 digits leading and trailing the decimal
Faker::Number.decimal(2) #=> "11.88"

# Specify different values for leading and trailing digits
Faker::Number.decimal(2, 3) #=> "18.843"

# Required parameters: mean, standard_deviation
Faker::Number.normal(50, 3.5) #=> 47.14669604069156

# Required parameter: digits
Faker::Number.hexadecimal(3) #=> "e74"

# Required parameters: minimum value, maximum value
# Boundary numbers are inclusive
Faker::Number.between(1, 10) #=> 7

# Required parameters: a range value
# Min and Max boundaries of range are inclusive
Faker::Number.within(1..10) #=> 7

Faker::Number.positive #=> 235.59238499107653

Faker::Number.negative #=> -4480.042585669558

Faker::Number.non_zero_digit #=> "8"

Faker::Number.digit #=> "1"
```
